[Autogenerated] let us add some dynamic content to our Web application.
A new JSP file,
for instance Let us call it Index that jsp next is Chairman market.
This is finer finish.
This is a dynamic pager H Wilner welcome to our first JSP and as a
text we're going to put some real dynamic content.
It is a And here nice scrip lit date on.
If I control space this date object I have the automatic or to
completion on By selecting Java Util date,
it will add the import of wt date automatically for me in this Java's of a page.
Let us close our paragraph.
Our web application is in republished state which is expected.
Let us publish it to the server Go back to the welcome pager
browser the index jsp pager that we just created A and we
can see that we are Wednesday, February 21 this Caesar 15 45.
And if I refresh this page, I can see that the seconds that the date is changing,
which is expected. This is a dynamic resource that is recalculated on its request